New Printdeal API v2 content (#9)
printdeal/printdeal-api-rst-docs: docs/Migrating_from_v1_to_v2.rst

.. _migrating_from_v1_to_v2:

Migrating from v1 to v2
=======================

> This new minor version brings with it a number of new features and a few incompatibilities that should be tested

Reviewer: I feel like it is a major version since we break some backwards compatability.

> This new minor version brings with it a number of new features and a few incompatibilities that should be tested

Author: ```suggestion
This major version brings a number of new features and a few incompatibilities that should be tested
```
